Moving HttpPipeline to Internal layer (#1642)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/core/azure-core/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.0-beta.7 (Unreleased)

### Breaking Changes

> - Moved `Azure::Core::Http::HttpPipeline` to the internal layer `Azure::Core::Internal::Http::HttpPipeline`.

Reviewer: From the end-customer perspective, this API is now gone. Let's highlight that part.
```suggestion
- Removed `Azure::Core::Http::HttpPipeline` by making it internal, used only within the SDK.
```
